but here we're going to make some roast
potatoes classic roast potatoes for
these we just need some potatoes I'm
going to sprinkle them with a bit of
flour and we've got some oil getting hot
in the oven so here we've got some
potatoes flour potatoes I've used Murray
spices which we've boiled for exactly
two minutes they've got in a pan of cold
water cold salted water we've brought
them up to the boil and we tied them for
two minutes two minutes is absolutely
fine to get the outsides fluffy and they
still hold their shape I find when you
cook them for longer they tend to break
down in oven a bit more and we're just
going to fluff those up a bit in the
colander just to get the edges nice and
ruffled and what's going to happen here
is means the edges are going to absorb
the oil and go crispy and the next bit
for me this is the secret to really
perfect roast potatoes but it's not
essential is to add a bit of flour so
for these potatoes I want about a
teaspoon and a half the flour and this
is just normal plain flour just toss
them around again to get them coated in
the flour sprinkle them with a bit of
salt and that is all the prep we need to
do for the potatoes so here we're just
going to get our hot oil out of the oven
I'm using a mixture of goose fat and
sunflower oil and goose fat gives you
absolutely fantastic flavor and what the
sunflower oil does is sunflower oil has
a higher burning temperature than the
goose fat so you just need to add the
potatoes to the hot oil away from you so
you don't get splattered by the oil just
coat the potatoes in the oil so they're
all shiny and they just go in the oven
for about 40 to 50 minutes during the
cooking time flipping them once or twice
that's all they need so in they go
here's some potatoes we've cooked for
exactly the same amount of time and as
you can see crispy golden on the outside
they've absorbed a lot of that oil
crunchy and fluffy and light in the
middle and that is how you roast perfect
potatoes
you